chore(README.md): Adding survey link (#417)
Budapest-Quantum-Computing-Group/piquasso: README.md

We welcome people who want to make contributions to Piquasso, be it big or small! If you are considering larger contributions to the source code, please contact us first.

> We welcome bug reports, suggestions, and any kind of feedback about Piquasso. If you'd like to share your thoughts, please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/urLy5S3kYs143ags6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome bug reports, suggestions, and any feedback about Piquasso. To share these, open an issue or fill out the [Piquasso User Survey](https://forms.gle/urLy5S3kYs143ags6).
```
